Go go go. Let's go. Labrador.
>> Lifeguard duty.
[Laughter]
>> Hey,
[Music]
>> let's go check. Okay.
>> What's wrong, Mr. Bison?
>> He has a stomach ache. I'm taking him to
the hospital.
>> But if I leave, there'll be no one to
watch the pool.
>> I can help. I'll keep an eye on the
pool.
>> You can count on us.
>> Thank you so much.
[Music]
[Laughter]
No eating by the pool.
>> No. No. I'm not eating.
[Music]
Oh, that hurts.
>> What happened?
>> Let me take a look.
[Music]
Oh,
>> it's an ant. He got bitten by an ant.
>> If you eat by the pool, food can fall in
and make the water dirty. Then people
can't swim,
and food crumbs will bring bugs, too.
>> I'm sorry. I promise I won't eat near
the pool again.
H
lifeguard Doby keeping the pool clean.
Clear.
The pool looks super fine. I'm going to
ride a floaty unicorn.
>> Watch out.
Are you okay?
>> Everybody move. Toby, stop. Little
rhino.
>> Got it.
Hey,
[Applause]
[Music]
>> thank you,
>> little rhino. Look here. It says no
running. You should walk slowly so you
don't slip.
>> Oh, but I really wanted to ride the
floaty unicorn.
>> Safety first, buddy. Watch my super slow
walk. Step, step, step.
That's funny. I want to do that, too.
>> Yep. Just like that. Then you can have
more fun. I got it. Thanks.
>> Lifeguard Doby keeping everyone safe.
Clear.
>> Go have fun.
>> Thanks.
[Music]
This is boring.
That's it.
Watch my super splash.
>> Help. Help.
God, I'm coming.
[Music]
Is everyone okay?
>> Sheriff Labrador. Little rabbit. He's
missing.
>> Oh.
Huh?
>> Hurry.
Little rabbit.
[Music]
>> No jumping in the pool. Everyone,
>> I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I just
wanted to make a big splash.
>> And that big splash almost got others
hurt.
>> I won't jump in the pool ever again.
>> Let's all be safe at the pool. Okay.
>> Okay.
>> Ice cream truck.
Uh-huh.
>> Wow. Uncle, where are we going?
>> Dodo, we're going to Papon's house.
>> That means I can see Pudding and Puff.
Yay! Let's go.
>> Huh? Who's there?
>> Hello, guys.
>> Help.
>> What are we going to play today? What
should we play?
>> Big sis makes something new.
>> Tada!
[Music]
>> Awesome. Let's play ice cream truck.
>> Yeah, let's do it. Who's going to sell
the ice cream?
>> I don't want to.
>> Huh? Me neither.
>> Let's have Uncle and Papio do it.
>> Uh-huh.
Can you play ice cream truck with us?
>> All right, sounds great.
>> Yay.
>> Welcome to our shop.
>> What flavor of ice cream would you like?
>> Let's go look.
>> You go first.
>> Huh?
>> I want strawberry ice cream.
>> Okay.
There are no strawberries left.
>> Huh? Let's check my garden room. I grow
lots of stuff in there. Let's go.
>> Wow, you even have a little greenhouse.
>> Yep, you can grow anything.
It keeps the temperature right and
tracks plant growth.
Strawberries are over there.
Wa!
[Music]
So sour.
>> That one's still green. It's not ripe
yet.
>> This red one must be ready.
>> Right. The really red ones are the
sweetest.
>> Let's pick this one.
[Music]
Ha!
>> Your strawberry ice cream's ready.
[Music]
So yummy.
>> It's my turn. I want super cool mint ice
cream.
>> Huh? We're out of mint leaves.
>> Mint? What's that? It's a plant. It
smells fresh. I grow it in the garden
room. I'll go. I can find it. It's all
yours.
[Music]
>> It smells nice. This must be it.
>> Found it.
>> Here you go.
>> This is rosemary, not mint.
>> Mint leaves are round and bumpy on the
edges. They smell fresh and cool.
Got it.
Aha, this one's right.
Got the mint.
>> Here you go.
>> Yep, that's mint. Good job, Dodo.
[Music]
All done. Here you go.
>> Thanks.
Wa!
[Music]
Woohoo!
Yeah!
Wow! So cool and fresh.
Hey,
>> my turn. One Superdog ice cream, please.
>> Super dog ice cream. What does that look
like? It's an ice cream that looks just
like Superdog.
[Music]
[Applause]
>> Let's give it a try.
>> That's it.
[Music]
H.
Is this Superdog's alien cousin or
something?
>> Yeah, not really. Oh, I can make a mold
with a 3D printer. Making mode on.
>> Got it.
>> Wo!
>> Drawing done. Wow.
[Music]
>> Kids, want to make your own ice cream?
>> Yes. Yes.
[Music]
Here
[Applause]
you go.
>> Thanks. Wo! This is exactly what I
wanted.
>> Let's make more ice cream.
>> Okay.
[Music]
>> Wo!
This is awesome.
>> Courier.
[Music]
>> All good to go.
>> Mr. Leopard, please deliver these
packages to the hamster family today. No
problem.
>> Thanks.
>> Stop running, wolf.
You won't catch me.
>> Hey, out of my way.
My packages.
Danger.
[Music]
sir, I'll take him to the police
station.
>> Okay,
my packages.
Luckily, they're all safe.
[Music]
Mr. Leopard, why isn't my package here
yet?
>> Please hurry.
>> My package.
>> Oh no, I'm running out of time.
Don't worry, Mr. Leopard. We'll help
you.
Really? That's great.
[Music]
Let's go. Ha!
>> Miss Duck, your package.
>> Oh, wow. Thanks,
>> Mr. Bison. Your package.
>> Wow, Sheriff Laborator is delivering my
package.
>> Package delivery.
>> Wa! Packages.
They're here. Here
you go.
>> Thank you.
>> No problems.
>> Let's go to the next place. Easy peasy.
[Music]
>> But this path isn't.
Be careful.
>> I've been here many times. Don't worry.
Follow me.
Miss Goat, your packages.
>> Thank you. Bye
>> bye. Off to the next place.
[Music]
Be careful.
>> Oops. Sorry. Sorry,
we're going down. Wait for me.
Are you okay? I'm fine. Let's go, Mr.
Mo. Package delivery.
Thanks. Have a nice day. You, too.
Wow. Delivering packages even in the
sea. Mr. Leopard, have you met a shark?
I know
[Music]
this way.
>> That was close.
Huh? Mr. Sea Turtle, your packages.
>> Thank you.
[Music]
Finally finished. Now to enjoy some hot
cocoa.
Oops.
>> How come there's more?
>> Oh, these are for the hamster family on
Hamster Hill.
>> Don't worry, it's not far from here.
[Music]
>> It was summer last time.
We can't drive in the snow.
>> No worries, we can walk. This happens a
lot.
The snow's too thick. What do we do?
These packages have to be delivered
today. It's urgent.
>> It's so cold. Daddy, when can we fix the
door?
>> Once the packages arrive, the courier
will surely come. Oh,
>> sir, look at me. We can use stilts. Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
Oh, I have an idea.
>> We found a sled.
Wow, this is so cool.
[Music]
>> When will the courier arrive?
>> The door flew away.
And it's coming back.
>> Here's your door and your packages.
>> Yeah, that's great.
>> All fixed now.
[Music]
It's so warm. Thank you so much. Have
some hot cocoa.
[Music]
>> Such warm hot cocoa. Couriers work so
hard.
[Music]
>> Sheriff's notes.
>> Things to keep in mind.
Kids, couriers are like superheroes.
They quickly and safely deliver packages
and letters from one place to another.
They're busy delivering lots of packages
every day, even in wind and rain.
[Music]
Their hard work makes our lives easier.
So remember to thank the courier when
you receive a package.
Papong's new invention.
Done.
[Applause]
My new invention. Balloon candy.
Just eat one and you can float around
like a balloon
to anywhere you want.
[Music]
Ton.
Oh no, little one. Did you eat the
candy?
You ate too much.
Don't be afraid, little one. They're
coming for you.
Watch me. Gotcha.
Finally stopped.
This time I'll definitely catch you.
Hang on.
[Music]
Help.
So crowded. Oh no, the car's floating
too.
Oh no.
[Music]
We're going to crash. Whoops.
Oh my.
[Music]
on
us.
[Music]
Eating too much balloon candy is scary.
Got to put it away ASAP.
[Music]
[Applause]
Papio, your candy is so yummy.
>> What? You ate all of it.
>> What's happening?
>> That's balloon candy. You should be
careful when eating it.
[Music]
>> My goodness.
I won't eat it again.
[Music]